Microsoft Azure transcription service improvements (#4118)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/modules/microsoftazuretranscripts.md

```

### Step 5: Install gstreamer

> Microsoft Speech-to-text API uses gstreamer to transcode audio stream.

Reviewer: That's unfortunate. Is it a dependency of `com.microsoft.cognitiveservices.speech:client-sdk`?

Therefor gstreamer must be installed on your Opencast admin node.

> On Debian based system you can do it by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft speech-to-text client uses GStreamer to transcode audio stream.
Therefore, GStreamer must be installed on your Opencast admin node.
On Debian based systems, you can do that by running:
```

```shell

> sudo apt-get install libgstreamer1.0-0 gstreamer1.0-plugins-base gstreamer1.0-plugins-good gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly

Reviewer 2: This installs a whole bunch of things, some of which might be [problematic](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/modules/gst-plugins-ugly.html).  If these are hard requirements then we should be including a warning here with a link to the page above.  If they're *not* then I would suggest dropping `-ugly` at the very least.

Author: Here is what the [Speech SDK documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/how-to-use-codec-compressed-audio-input-streams?tabs=linux%2Ccentos%2Cjava-android%2Cterminal&pivots=programming-language-csharp) say about:

> The Speech SDK can use [GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/) to handle compressed audio

In theory I've testet this module w/o gstreamer installed and it failed. Then I've started to install gstreamer-plugins-base, this also failed. This game was go on until all documented plugins are installed. So yes, the speech SDK needs at least gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free (RedHat) or gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly (Debian)!

I'm not the author of the transcription-service opencast module nor Speech SDK. This are my findings with a clean opencast installation. In my opinion we should document the dependencies instead of let the user run into the issue.

Author: > > That's unfortunate. Is it [GStreamer] a dependency of `com.microsoft.cognitiveservices.speech:client-sdk`?
> 
> Do you know the answer to that question?

Yes, it is. This is documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/how-to-use-codec-compressed-audio-input-streams?tabs=linux%2Ccentos%2Cjava-android%2Cterminal&pivots=programming-language-csharp).

Reviewer 2: Fair enough.  I don't have to like it for it to be a hard dependency :D

Let's add it to the dos and be done with it.

```

> For RedHat based systems run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Red Hat based systems, run:
```
